fix: update old link (#1053)
discordjs/guide: guide/additional-info/changes-in-v13.md

## Slash commands

discord.js now has support for slash commands!

> Refer to the [slash commands](/interactions/slash-commands.html) section of this guide to get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [slash commands](/interactions/slash-commands.md#registering-slash-commands) section of this guide to get started.
```

Author: It's the first section, is this really necessary?
